docs(tabs): add playground for basic usage (#3824)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/tab.md

The tab component is a child component of [tabs](tabs.md). Each tab can contain a top level navigation stack for an app or a single view. An app can have many tabs, all with their own independent navigation.

:::note

> This component can only be used when the `ion-tabs` component is set for [basic usage](./tabs.md#basic-usage). When setting up tabs with routing, the `ion-tab` component cannot be used.

Reviewer: I don't understand this note. The vanilla JavaScript example still uses an `ion-tab` component with routing: https://ionic-docs-git-rou-11138-ionic1.vercel.app/docs/api/tabs#usage-with-router

Author: https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/3824/commits/3fe3f9390dee9b3bff2058342c07556bc8ff1b17

The tab component is a child component of [tabs](tabs.md). Each tab can contain a top level navigation stack for an app or a single view. An app can have many tabs, all with their own independent navigation.

:::note

> Angular, React, and Vue can only use this component when the `ion-tabs` component is set for [basic usage](./tabs.md#basic-usage). When setting up tabs with routing, the `ion-tab` component cannot be used.
> 
> Javascript can use this component when the `ion-tabs` component is set for [basic usage](./tabs.md#basic-usage) or [usage with router](./tabs.md#usage-with-router).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular, React, and Vue can only use this component when the `ion-tabs` component is configured for [basic usage](./tabs.md#basic-usage). When setting up tabs with routing, the `ion-tab` component cannot be used.

In JavaScript, this component can be used with the `ion-tabs` component configured for either [basic usage](./tabs.md#basic-usage) or [usage with router](./tabs.md#usage-with-router).
```

Clarity - should be it "cannot" be used or "should not" be used with Angular, React, and Vue?
